Melted Tawny Ladybug

high

# Oracle fees can be drained by calling settle several times

## Summary
KeeperFactory.settle function allows anyone to call it with empty arrays. As result, such a call will not revert and caller will get repayment for it from from fees paid my Market users. Calling such function multiple times in a row will allow attacker to get all fee out of OracleFactory.
## Vulnerability Detail
In order to incentivize bots to provide oracle prices and execute settlement, user pay fee with each position update. This fee [can later be claimed by `OracleFactory`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/OracleFactory.sol#L120), so [market will transfer all accrued oracle fee to it](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L138-L139).

When bot provide oracle prices using `KeeperFactory.commit` or executes settling using `KeeperFactory.settle`, then he is rewarded with payment for that, which is handled by `keep` modifier. When bot has done a job, then he receives rewards, so such call should be profitable for them.

The problem is that [`KeeperFactory.settle` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/keeper/KeeperFactory.sol#L202-L217) can be called with empty arrays, which will pass same array size checks and as result there will be no further checks and function will not revert. Then caller will be paid using user's fees. Actually, he receives funds for nothing and he can repeat such attack as long as there are still available oracle fees.
## Impact
Market will likely stop working as attacker will steal all oracle fees and no one will be incentivized to update prices and make settlements anymore.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/keeper/KeeperFactory.sol#L202-L217
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In case if provided array is empty, then revert.