Calm Gingham Beaver

medium

# Incorrect maintenance check results in users being unable to withdraw collateral if it would have resulted in shortfall with latest position magnitude

## Summary

In the case that a position would be below maintenance according to the latest position magnitude and latest price, a user is prevented from modifying their position, even if that means modifying it into a maintained state.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `Market._invariant`, a maintenance check is executed with the intention to validate that a new position being updated is above maintenance.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L610
```solidity
if (
    !PositionLib.maintained(context.maxPendingMagnitude, context.latestVersion, context.riskParameter, context.pendingCollateral)
) revert MarketInsufficientMaintenanceError();
```

The check uses `context.maxPendingMagnitude`, which is initially set as `context.latestPosition.local.magnitude()` in `_loadUpdateContext`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L268
```solidity
context.maxPendingMagnitude = context.previousPendingMagnitude = context.closable =
            context.latestPosition.local.magnitude();
```

When we process the pending position in `_processPendingPosition`, we check if the new position being processed has a magnitude greater than the `maxPendingMagnitude`. If so, we set the `maxPendingMagnitude` as the magnitude of this newly processed position.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L256
```solidity
context.previousPendingMagnitude = newPendingPosition.magnitude();

if (context.previousPendingMagnitude.gt(context.maxPendingMagnitude))
    context.maxPendingMagnitude = newPendingPosition.magnitude();
```

As a result, if our new position increases magnitude, our maintenance check works as expected, enforcing that the increased magnitude doesn't result in an unmaintained position. 

However, if our new positions magnitude is decreased, that change is ignored. Since the maintenance is also dependent on the latest price, it's possible where users end up in a situation where their position is unmaintained but they update the position because the maintenance check will falsely trigger a revert.

## Impact

Users are unable to update their position out of an unmaintained state.

## Code Snippet

See 'Vulnerability Detail' section for code snippets.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Set the `maxPendingMagnitude` as the newly processed position's magnitude in `_processPendingPosition`, regardless of whether the new magnitude is lesser or greater.